Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-getDatabaseName.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::getDatabaseName()
======================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Retrieve the name of the database containing a specific collection using `MongoDB\Collection::getDatabaseName()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Retrieve the name of the database containing a specific collection with the MongoDB PHP Library.
```
